fix using use_attestation_challenge error parameter code for missing … (#132)
oauth-wg/draft-ietf-oauth-attestation-based-client-auth: draft-ietf-oauth-attestation-based-client-auth.md

2. There is precisely one OAuth-Client-Attestation-PoP HTTP request header field, where its value is a single well-formed JWT conforming to the syntax outlined in [](#client-attestation-pop-jwt).
3. The signature of the Client Attestation PoP JWT obtained from the OAuth-Client-Attestation-PoP HTTP header verifies with the Client Instance Key contained in the `cnf` claim of the Client Attestation JWT obtained from the OAuth-Client-Attestation HTTP header.

> An error parameter according to Section 3 of {{RFC6750}} SHOULD be included to indicate why a request was declined. If the Client Attestation is not using an expected server-provided challenge, the value `use_attestation_challenge` can be used to indicate that an attestation with a server-provided challenge was expected. If the attestation and proof of possession was present but could not be successfully verified, the value `invalid_client_attestation` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An error parameter according to Section 3 of {{RFC6750}} SHOULD be included to indicate why a request was declined. If the Client Attestation is not using an expected server-provided challenge, the value `use_attestation_challenge` MUST be used to indicate that an attestation with a server-provided challenge was expected and MUST be accompanied by the `OAuth-Client-Attestation-Challenge` HTTP header field parameter (as described in [](#challenge-header)). If the attestation and proof of possession was present but could not be successfully verified, the value `invalid_client_attestation` is used.
```

Reviewer: And change

```
## Providing Challenges on Previous Responses
```

to 

```
## Providing Challenges on Previous Responses {#challenge-header}
```

Reviewer: I am making this suggestion because a) this section is referenced from Token and PAR endpoint sections and linking 6750 error handling is invalid.

Making `use_attestation_challenge` a MUST use when challenge validations fail just makes sense and having to have it accompanied by `OAuth-Client-Attestation-Challenge` as well. I don't mind defining `invalid_client_attestation` but only as a MAY because on the AS authenticated endpoints the convention is already `invalid_client` for client authentication failures.

Reviewer: I've opened #135 as an alternative to this PR with all suggestions applied.
